additional RFC updates, updated forum links (#90)
better-internet/radworks-governance: manual.md

# Proposal Process

> The Radworks governance process is defined by three seperate phases: _Request for Comments (RFC)_, _Formal Review_, and _Submission_. Before a RGP can be submitted on-chain, it must first complete **an off-chain review process**. Having a public off-chain review process allows for proposals to be reviewed, discussed, and improved by the Radworks community before reaching an on-chain vote. This review process includes *RFC* and a *Formal Review*. These steps help provide on-chain voters with more context on community sentiment and proposal development which supports more informed and less contentious decisions. It also protects the Radworks community by ensuring that any proposal being submitted on-chain has been vetted and reviewed in a transparent manner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Radworks governance process is defined by three separate phases: _Request for Comments (RFC)_, _Formal Review_, and _Submission_. Before a RGP can be submitted on-chain, it must first complete **an off-chain review process**. Having a public off-chain review process allows for proposals to be reviewed, discussed, and improved by the Radworks community before initiating an on-chain vote. This review process includes publishing a *Request for Comments (RFC)* and  passing a *Formal Review*. These steps help provide on-chain voters with more context on community sentiment and proposal development which supports more informed and less contentious decisions. It also protects the Radworks community by ensuring that any proposal being submitted on-chain has been vetted and reviewed in a transparent manner.
```

RAD Governance Proposals (RGPs) must be formally labeled with the phase of the proposal, #, and title (e.g. [RFC/Formal Review/Submission][RGP - #] - [PROPOSAL TITLE])

## **Request for Comments**

> The _Request for Comments (RFC)_ phase is used to actively review formal proposal drafts that are being submitted to governance within a given cylce. While drafts of proposals can be posted on the forum _at any time_, RFC is the official period for the community to review and provide feedback on proposals that will be voted on in a given cylce. The feedback provided during this phase allows for more detailed and refined proposals to vote on in later stages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The _Request for Comments (RFC)_ phase is used to actively review proposal drafts that are being submitted to be considered in a proposal cycle. While drafts of proposals can be posted on the forum _at any time_, this stage represents the official period for the community to review and provide feedback on proposals that will be voted on in a given cylce. The feedback provided during this phase allows authors to refine and improve their proposals with community feedback.
```
